Docs: JSONata refresh and update with new examples (#1286)
zachowj/node-red-contrib-home-assistant-websocket: docs/cookbook/jsonata-1-call-service.md

# JSONata Example 1 - Call Service

Integrations in Home Assistant provide _service calls_ that can be used, for example, to set target temperature on heaters and air-conditioning units. All service calls can be found and tested within Home Assistant Developer toolbox, and it is also useful to check the integration documentation to identify exactly what is required for a successful service call.

**All service calls require:**

- a domain (integration platform) such as 'climate'
- a service call within this domain, such as 'set_temperature'
- a target entity or entities (or area or device containing entities) to apply the service to
- a JSON _data object_, containing any additional required and optional parameters

The _data object_ will vary, depending on the integration and service call, from an empty object `{}` to something much more complex. Constructing this data object correctly is key to a successful service call, and **JSONata** rather than mustache templating should ideally be used to achieve this.

**Note:** The data field used in a service call must be a valid JSON object.

> - Mustache templates are delimited with '{{msg.payload}}'. Although acceptable in most JSON input fields, this is _invalid syntax_ in JSONata expressions and must not be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mustache templates are delimited with <code v-pre>{{msg.payload}}</code>. Although acceptable in most JSON input fields, this is _invalid syntax_ in JSONata expressions and must not be used.
```
